# What ties us together

- Tags: Deaf!Clinton, College!AU, Peter Parker and Tony Stark are related, Soulmates, varying Soulmate identifying mechanisms, BAMF Romanoff, Genius Tony Stark, gay!Bucky, Demi!Barton, Bi!Parker, coming out, they are some mess, roommates, fluff, Anarchist!Clint

- Characters: James "Bucky" Barnes, Clinton Barnes, Tony Stark, Natasha Romanoff, Peter Parker, Steve Rogers, Bruce Banner, 

- Relationships: WinterHawk, platonic Bucky/Steve

- Studies: (Clint, BSc Biology) ,(Tony, (MSc Electrical Engineering, MSc Mechanical Engineering)), (Steve, BSc PolSci),(Bruce, (MSc Chemistry, min. BSc Physics)),
  
  > Never are we so vulnerable as when we love. - Siegmund Freud
  
  *The mechanism behind soulmates as a whole and the identifying attributes are still unknown. Several tries have been made  to explain the phenomenon of soulmates. Even within the same category of soulmate the manner ranges from simple errors in pigmentation to telepathic contact.  
  Also the age at which soulmates 'find' each other  varies greatly. There are cases known of soulmates as young as six years and as old as 65 years old. Although the majority of soulmates meet - so to say - during puberty or in early twenties. Great differences in age are not common but not unheard of either.*  
  *<u>On Soulmates</u>*
  Clinton Barnes was deeply troubled. Last week he received a letter from his landlord that not only the house had been sold, the new owner intended to tear the building down. The eviction was not due  for two weeks but he still hadn't found a new place to stay, not even temporarily. His thoughts swirled around as he weaved through the masses from the lecture building to the library. His way was smooth until he ran into somebody. He stumbled and apologized recovering. The dull whistle in his ears signaled him that the batteries of his hearing aids where giving in. His budget was already tight, even with the money from the grant and now he had  to look for a new home in the already overheated housing market of Amherst. The local fraternities advertised openings in the library and often enough some would look for a roommate in order to manage the rent.  
  Upon entering the library he made a beeline for the as usual crowded the notice board. Lo and behold in the lower corner there was a note saying
  
  > Looking for a place to live? Unwilling to pay a small fortune for broom closet? Unsusceptible to noises in the odd hours a of night, noxious fumes or weird findings in the fridge?
  >  If so call 015734895254.
  
  Clinton was curious and suspicious. Offers like these were either fraudulent or a halfway house turned dorm with bunk beds and no personal space whatsoever. But he was also desperate, so he decided to give it a shot. He took a picture of the note and went to find a study cubicle. ' It's all fun and games until it's about money .' he thought. Soon enough he found an empty cubicle. He pondered how to contact the the number then decided on writing her.  
  `>` Hey. Saw your note. I am interested.  
  Within a minute his phone buzzed. The offerer called him! He hung up. Even with completely loaded aids a telephone call was still difficult. Not to mention with near dead batteries. So he wrote a new text:  
  `>` Sorry. I'm more comfortable with written conversations.
  `<` You think I'm some kind of nutjob, right? Probably my bad for writing a rather sketchy ad.  
  `>` Does the offer still stand?  
  `<` Yes. Just give me your name and I will contact you as soon I have enough candidates.  
  `>` The name would be Clinton. Why contact on a number of candidates?  
  `<` Well, Clinton, I prefer to separate suitable from unsuitable candidates in one sweep.  
  `>` That's unusual but fair. Guess you'll write me soon enough.  
  And with this end of communication he began his studies which were quite uneventful. It was quite dark when he left the library. He looked at his watch. It read 21:47. He groaned because he would definitively miss the weekly meeting of the Amherst "Food not bombs" chapter. One of the few activities for his spare time. He unchained his bike and thought on his way home about the next steps. Given that he would likely move in the next week plans had to be made. Hiring professional movers was a) way to expensive and b) not necessary to for his meager belongings. A U-Haul seemed the wiser choice although he would need help with some of his unwieldy furniture. Maybe the guy next door, Bruce, could help. His brain wandered to other topics but had no time to mull them as he arrived at his home. Quite nondescript 6 floor brick building. He started his hike to the third floor. He met nobody not surprising at quarter past. After putting his stuff away he went to knock on the door of his neighbor.  
  Bruce opened slightly ruffled: "Yes? What's up, Barton?"  
  "Hey. I'm moving soon and I'd need some help with stuff and wondered ..."  
  "If you could count on my help?"  
  "Jep. Looks that way. You willing?"  
  "You know that I am as screwed and broke as anybody else?"  
  "Yes. I can scare up some money if that's what you're looking for."  
  "No, money would be nice but we both know that I need a new place to live."  
  "Well, I happen to know that my future landlord is still looking for tenants."  
  "You mean to tell me that there is a place available?"
























